Added docs for Grafana, editing a cluster, the API tab in an instance/cluster, etc. (#386)
HarperFast/documentation: fabric/grafana-integration.md

---
title: Grafana Integration
---

> # Setup Grafana Integration with Harper

Reviewer: @cap10morgan does this look?

> Grafana is an observability platform for monitoring and visualizing metrics, logs, and traces. Harper provides a plug-in to integrate with Grafana for enhanced analytics and visualization capabilities.

Reviewer 2: "plugin"

> To install the Harper Grafana integration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the Harper Grafana plugin:
```

> 1. Navigate to Harper's plug-in inside the [Grafana marketplace](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/harperfast-harper-datasource/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the official Grafana marketplace [Harper plugin](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/harperfast-harper-datasource/).
```

2. Sign-in to your Grafana account. If you do not have an account, you will need to create one.
3. Click the "Get plugin" button.

## Installing on a Local/Self-Hosted Grafana Instance

4. Follow the steps under "[Installing on a local Grafana](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/harperfast-harper-datasource/?tab=installation)"

> ## Harper Fabric Cluster

Reviewer: FWIW, this works with or without Fabric. Maybe just "Connect to Harper"?
